    "Okay so now we're recording. So I'm going to go ahead and pull up the pre-planning can everyone see my screen."
    "Okay."
    "We can get started so."
    "I'd like to defer to Freddie for first choice because it is his birthday. So"
    "is that how this is never doing this?"
    "However you want ready spray. Okay if you want to be search specialist I can be a medic."
    "I suppose that these the the rebel cleaning guy."
    "Is he is he the one that moves slow which one moves slow? No problem guy will be the rubble clear."
    "Event will be tried doing A1A S search specialist in 1 and 2 HMS. Is that is that Sony does?"
    "I think we have we know we haven't tried is to HMS sensor specialist all sticking together."
    "If not tried that."
    "Okay so then where to go to be suspect that the office will be the most I think I want to go counter-clockwise."
    "Okay. Yeah cuz I wanted to act very well. I'm going to go ahead and agree with you. So if you disagree again will go clockwise but it looks like we'll have a couple roubles year like this but maybe there's always so maybe it's like good anyways."
    "Radix like there's less rooms on the right. So I guess going that way with clear it faster Michaels change the maps and Son. Let's just play it by ear right side and opening up Sprint anymore to shovel guys and"
    "not you should not feel as much anymore. So we all know what we're doing on. The markers are gone. Why do I only have like three bars of Health?"
    "The cast from it's so that you can start now. They're not like a slow effect that if you slow them they can still Sprint Sprint at a slower speed."
    "It's good change my screen."
    "Are you up?"
    "Got it."
    "the right first"
    "Yep. Do you guys want to do guys consider the library to be on the right?"
    "Whenever the one on the far."
    "Oh yeah I guess victims."
    "They tend to be in there like it. I've only ever seen at least one in there. I don't know about that Fountain there such as I think."
    "Vinyl take that when I'm going to go make you gone right will do. I'm just going to get in that room and just confront us no more trouble in there. And then was there any in that now it's all clear."
    "I like the lane strategy. I think I stole from you. Make sure you get the walls glass is supposed to be but so I'll just come yes. I have half of my shovel by the way. So it's part of the way we are redoing room."
    "You're making them see through we've codified room difficulty by I don't know. It's on the drive is you other subject. I'm trapped in the rubble or if I can pick him up so I can actually pick up victims that are trapped in the rubble and remove them. I don't know if you want to be able to do that. I don't know if there's anything you can do to stop that."
    "What are like in rubble as search specialist is that we're saying we haven't talked about it. I can't believe I think it's okay. I probably will break after that. So I have to get another shovel. Which room is this ring. By the way I just looked at me find it. I see you. I think I know as a gameplay getting in trouble is not a big deal but I can change it if it's making things trivial. It doesn't seem like it makes it easier to be before you can pick it off anyway so I put every victim that I've run into so far out in the hallways."
    "I might make sense to not be able to pick up the victim if there's Rubble like on top of them."
    "I know how you would."
    "Like other than the honor System I don't know how you would stop them from doing that. I can just change how the structure works. So make a muscle changes were to the right side right?"
    "There's so much I changed. Okay. Okay just make sure she gets it. So the big changes that all the office spaces here are made of glass you can see through them. Okay Glass."
    "Yeah so we go to 5 difficulty remembers like a 3 by 2 grid essentially it's in one of the classrooms. I just put a green line on it."
    "I have gone medic on the right side out in the hallways except one. But so is this right side clear? Then there's Rubble on marking it working in a line because it's going to be there to see you."
    "Hyster yellow markers"
    "bird cloning"
    "where where am I supposed to Glenn? I'm right behind you wherever you sit where you go in that room and then there should be Rubble at the end of the room. Let me know if there's a victim in there and I'll come back to you. Yeah there's a victim in England. Okay. I'm on the way. I got him out first try to victim in the space with all the chess and I can't get to him because of the trouble. I don't know what sorry you know the weird part of the cafeteria. That's not the cafeteria. I'm not there yet. So the white space essentially"
    "I will I will be over there momentarily. I had clearing this right side with Glenn but I do love her. So otherwise besides that one victim II Rebel white is clear."
    "Glen's got this guy. Do you mean right? No white? Okay that's in the space to the left of the space before the cafeteria."
    "Okay. I also can't access the left side because of rubble. I'm like"
    "Freddy turn around Point me where you need to be where I need to be. Hold on. Hold on."
    "Buck all the way down and then make a right there any other rebel that I need to know about I mean there's so there's a victim in the rubble and then if you can clear an entrance so this place over here."
    "Sure like down this way. You'll see a red marker and then clear that whole path on the left."
    "How this is not the way this kind of sauce."
    "If we're going to make them transparent is it also an option to make the rims like do they have no walls?"
    "You mean like the cafeteria? Like I'm in the I'm in the storage area formerly known as the storage area."
    "I don't just wondering if it's not much but I don't think it's a big difference. But just curious if making them. The open area is an option."
    "What's the storage a I totally forgot?"
    "I think I think I got everything in the storage right side is it is another side you guys are working right now I'm working to the cafeteria now I pulled every victim out except on the right side of the back on the right side of the cafeteria that I need help with"
    "when you're when you're done cleaning up space do I need to get a new shovel so I'm going to come back and do that and then get a new shovel where are you at"
    "The cafeteria the brown so is the library still like in the building somewhere or is there something like the library library read micrometer at least you're right about oven should victims. Anyway I'll just go wait here and"
    "I can't clear that. That would be my dog picking out the right side. I think I'm going to leave the victims in the middle because I have a limited head Med kit."
    "So there's a blockage on the right TV room."
    "Yeah so the other thing we did was so we basically put it up by search difficulty. I eat Howie's how easy is it for you to like going to the go into the room and identify all the victims and their aunt unication difficulty IE. How easy is it to refer to a space is it?"
    "I tried first question."
    "Every second I will slow this morning."
    "Are the difficulties is their expectation that the participants learn to do the gold tees of really matter. I think it's more about being able to like say like hey here are the design principles be used to make each of these rooms into increasing parents. So are these rooms and I like split distributed across the building I think so it should be relatively distributed by difficulty not perfectly right side that I can access because of rebel"
    "I should have said sorry. Let me rephrase that. There's one I can't access because of rubble and then to victims they can just be triage previously The Middle on the on the"
    "they just the white markers are useless like in other words. They just shouldn't be by single light on Americana clear the middle and then the two on the right and then"
    "But I am placing you wipe markers to FYI if you're searching the left."
    "I left some green ones for you."
    "Awesome as I'm working my way up the right sideline. There's some good markers."
    "That's my conclusion. That's a good question. I was going to say that's a great question Glenn as snarky as you want because it is your birthday."
    "that's why you like it well tell me it's the only good libraries one filled with rubble"
    "classic Glenn most strange thing to believe"
    "I've had so many white boards I like to draw on whiteboards the meetings if you can make it over here for Chris ofili looks like it's like a bottleneck so I might take you over here there's a lot of stuff and then the one victim on the right left in the middle of clear middle is okay you didn't do once I finish the middle then it's just for that one all the markers Glenn on this side of the road or on the building that I've laid down over here are all accurate you know the bottom left of the building like in tree area I can't be right right you're entry to the building"
    "there's a few goats make your way there there's lots of rubble so that be nice place to go in"
    "stop"
    "name the sections of the map so so we couldn't find communication difficulty as something that you can easily refer to I eat The Fountains of the library or something that's just like you knows the third room on the right"
    "so I mean we could like I think if we want to put it on the map we could kind of highlight some of the subspaces as like this is the fountain right or these are just offices which would I think"
    "still promote what we're trying to promote"
    "I'm going to go ahead and say we switched away from his second hms2 early probably it's going to take me like the another minute to get back in like 2 minutes though like we're probably not going to be able to get at the left side is all accurate according to what I laid down and what land was laying down conference room at the top of the building that's one of the doors is the South door is blocked the north on Delavan I'm working through victims on the North side so I'm on the left side working my way counter-clockwise but I haven't knocked through the middle"
    "I'm going to go back over there. So I guess I will talk a little about more the difficulty philosophy primary areas. So what we did was we manipulated Communications as to difficulties right something that's pretty easy to refer to and has like a proper noun and something that doesn't have a proper noun right? So the conference room that's pretty obvious what it is right? But like if you look at the rooms on the right side right they're very hard to refer to so that's one thing."
    "the other thing is the way searching works with a room so you can either see the entire space before you can walk into a room right that's like I'm yours. And then I'll do some Rebel in the what used to be the king's office"
    "So it's pretty good one of those things."
    "That's pretty good. I think most of the victims in this corner here and then presents the newest instead of that. I actually did you sure it should be going to be more so look here 1:11. I think you and I got this one that was added later that you forgot. I think East you or Adelaide."
    "and that area and you never could be like"
    "couple here in about six year 1 2 3 4 5 6 northwest corner just now got done and a few on the right side of that added about three of them one in this in this area that are added later."
    "I don't know how that works. Knock me up into the sky. I'm very strong."
    "Mission 252"
    "stop"
    "Okay. I was going to try to break it this time run anywhere. I think I think they were trouble clearing is really the most important thing. So we'll have three and three to start like we tried that one time and then one for the remainder in case the roof the roof collapses or something."
    "Or we could all go in this clear at building by building. I know I'm a mess and split up maybe even say like to always versus just all three you want to eat but also like I'm kind of concerned about this. When do we switch out from HMS? So maybe like we start with three and then whoever runs out first we make a call if they want to refresh or switch but then we can smell to until we've searched the whole building. What if we do to we go storage office right? Whoever runs out first."
    "Everclear stage their space first ghost a cafeteria. Whoever clears our space second. We make the call us up."
    "I think what they're going to ride the shovel first. So you're saying that they would go switch their wet their Shuffle and then they were doing it based on searching not pay the ability of fiber finishes their space force."
    "Okay. If so we're going to have to hallways then so like there's going to be three people. So are we going to have to go to the office or to go to storage? Well it's really reference not the HMS would go two of the officers Torrance right the room distribution now not so much the way out of victims but the way the rooms are set up."
    "Right so maybe we integrate that's so now we know that the storage is really clear and open. So maybe we send a medic there. So it's obvious like what if we do based on time like 10 minutes restart the switch to victim edits."
    "Like that lyrics but I'm just trying to make sure that we have time to save all the victims but also be cleared out of a bowl right?"
    "I don't know whatever works."
    "I will just go with Chris's idea cuz it's it's it's on a different still areas done."
    "I think we could rejoin once we move a shin. That's why I don't see why to HMS need to be proved up and left."
    "I'm going to go and then we should probably update the maps light."
    "At some point with the newly off. Yeah we should rethink the labels to"
    "I took the screenshot off of Camp to get. So give them descriptions of each of the spaces or no."
    "So what's Anjali like you know like hey like this place has lots of repeating offices."
    "Or would that be just as I think it's a question of inclusion is the individual differences."
    "What individual differences would that help us get to?"
    "I so like Reed City or exploration but not like a moving exploration. Like how does someone like warm under standings about be?"
    "Yes shouldn't we always be as I was just telling someone to place their Market sandwich in their job will change of plans. I like already finished unblocking the middle. So should I go left or right or left? This one has a shitload of great side. So I'll be actually work out great."
    "Like when it works out great."
    "Yeah I can see something. I can see you digging. I'm throwing down markers are probably there's a chance that they could change but it takes like no time to actually go in and double-check the same people so"
    "are the markers are to me like your own searching very helpful for that. Make sure that you're not double-dipping in separate rooms looks to me like the outside of the room."
    "true"
    "prior to the oldest space right? Then Tire right side is just a copy and paste to the same room over and over again instead of refer to like the middle room is that is that fair to say is very difficult to refer to them by like a unique proper now we're at the living room number right? I don't know if you guys are glad I ran out of I'm going back right now actually."
    "Right. Now we're as I can see the fountain and you immediately know what the fountain is. Once you've experienced it right or I can say the library you like always the library for the conference room."
    "So it's a space is actually really good example of like simultaneously like the left half has easy to communicate rooms but hard to start and the right side has hard to search usually communicate to switch my role and Chris is also going back to HMS. So this is the time we want someone to switch the watching their composition of it. I would say going to go rescue guy and grab all the stuff on the right side. Yeah. I'm almost done. Well I don't know what I feel like I've done some good progress clearing the right side. I would go rescue Guy the one I just dragged him out to like a central location to search specialist."
    "The don't you said you want to drag them all to be unable to click the roll button unless I have be like leftmost icons selected."
    "I'm on the west side. Is America going to go get these victims?"
    "Oh no. Oh no. Oh my hard work. I just put one down there anybody on any of these side so really could just go through my room never search up for it when it did."
    "But you know I know times are be like that is like just the color of the marker. I remember them saying stuff like like Rubble or like room clear something you want to tell participants exactly how to use it. So wait but I was like I was like I think that was cool because"
    "Like a good team might find a purpose for that one but I think they should have some training."
    "So that you'll just have a sense of how to use the markers. So I think one reason we want them labeled is because it then makes it easier on the mods are not allowed to figure out like what these markers are trying to say. We could have the name. So it's a Minecraft red tile then wouldn't"
    "No different than a white tile."
    "Oh so you we want to train is about the behavior is consistent. So they I think that they're still going to be like plenty of variation if I people use it and maybe that's something you want to bring up the AI do they need a specific like consistency? Really? You can leave a trail of markers in some cases?"
    "Yeah so register. I don't know."
    "As like a relevant question is like what I say I going to do with those markers."
    "Is that a representation of like I think the idea is I don't know maybe give directions to people that."
    "So in the case of somebody makes like a trail of green Marcos I would completely breaks. I would seem to like either place a marker but it's kind of like occluded by the parks the building and so the likelihood someone sees it's pretty low. So I'm going to go ahead and remind be like that's kind of Honda it would be"
    "markers that are just not accessible unless they just happened to be in the in the room or near the room setup Marcos Witt"
    "Jose is there any more trouble on the right side on the right? If you go down the bottom halt like the south pole light. Is that the only one left? Yeah and it's just an access issue all of the assist out of the building is updated with the most readily got to it. But if you clear those two then we just have to medic Up The Bases and I'm almost on Meadow on like third of the way done medicating the I'm almost on the left at the rebel. He starts clearing out the cafeteria space."
    "And then when you start medical cafeteria space sounds good."
    "No I was just going to say all of the markers on this side or up-to-date as I left the area. So all of the markers on the right side or Green Glen I check to make sure that you haven't got it yet. So if you still see something green go in there. I want to say that we could control that by labeling those rooms so we can say like the library is also labeled with the library name and then the room 201 202 203 unnamed or call it a section that we can kind of kind of controller. So that way we don't have variation from people who are just like Minecraft. So they know how to refer to the like the blocks or like they're just have this variable like creativity or"
    "Yes and possibly the math that use online like when they're in the mission right? Oh yeah I think we'd want the two to match then maybe maybe an extra shot on the next update. I'll just take the latest version of that it on the pre-planning. Medic again minutes left the victim's. Where should I go metal hits the right side Jesus clears. I'll get it Rodger. I think life is all clear to."
    "How did not as you has not troubled it or no? I haven't wrote the middle Ruble middle was the first thing I did. It's all clear side really quick. And then what you going to do Rebel the weird space to the left of it?"
    "Are you from the kitchen? No no no. No no it between a cyst and the cafeteria."
    "American it I don't see any of there is a single victim behind Rebel at the weird space south of the cafeteria."
    "What is the character Brown space south of the brownie? I'm right here. I don't see you. I'm in the I'm right in front of the entrance to a Friday where you at about the economy and then it's the victims and run faster."
    "It's embarrassing for you over here."
    "Who are three chests open them? No thank you."
    "Cuz you have one victim Less Than 3 minutes might be because the first one actually added victims and there's actually two."
    "Wow professional the first time you've got no problem with that. I think that was mainly because of the marker perturbations with a hammer but I'm taking assist to recall the HMS store since this is a hammer."
    "Oh yeah we going to do call signs outside."
    "Sit here. And so the weird nameless rooms in the cyst. Are you clear? Okay sister is supposed to be. Hard one to search the right. So like then our design is worked out. You're welcome."
    "I feel like Michael's tank to do with it enough that really thank you. Michael. Chris hasn't got anything of value since you find the last week."
    "Edina bathroom size of bathroom. There's two bathrooms in the assist side."
    "oh but are we are pointing fingers you know yeah where we find out that is really my fault that was in the area it was just in that area of area is it the bathroom"


